hey guys and welcome back to the kitchen
so today I'm here on my own like it's
not here but I'm doing a very exciting
recipe today a lot of you have been
asking for traditional homemade fish and
chips so we're gonna start off with the
chips we're using Maris Piper potatoes
today because apparently they go squishy
in the middle and then fluffy and nice
and crispy on the outside
chips are probably one of my favorite
things ever but I always feel guilty
about eating chip shop chips because
they are fried so today we are going to
be baking them I always have couples
with my fish and chips and now they're
hard to find chip shops do not stock
cockles anymore
if Mike had his way I think we'd
probably have fish and chips takeaway
once a week
however it's usually more like once
every couple of months but if it works
out well cooking at home you never know
maybe we can start doing at home surf
game take away
so now we're gonna pop them in the oven
for about 40 minutes to bake now time
for the fish we are actually using coal
each day instead of cod because it's
more sustainable what we're gonna do
first is make the batter and we're using
lager so whilst the oils heating up I'm
just going to sift in 225 grams of
self-raising flour I hate beer but beer
battered fish always tastes cats
we're going to prepare the fish what
we're gonna do first is pop a little bit
of flour give it a bit of a dusting on
both sides I think this just helps the
batter to stick to the fish because
otherwise it may be it's slimy
I'm gonna put a little bit of salt
pepper on
so now it's on the fish we need to test
that the oil is hot enough you must be
very very careful with hot oil but you
want to take a little bit of bread and
you want to pop it into the oil and see
how it reacts interment to fizzle away
tada
I want it to have a good coating of
butter and then we're gonna pop it in oh
wow and we're gonna fry it for two to
three minutes on each side
put the other one in as well never fried
fish at home but it looks amazing
I'm really excited by this Mike is gonna
be so jealous he's missing this look at
that golden brown it's difficult to know
when the fish inside is gonna be hooked
you can see that the batter's done
because you want it to still be nice and
succulent you don't want to be like a
dry old boot
and they'll take it out now and pop it
on to some kitchen roll to soak up any
excess oil they look amazing
no fish and chips will be complete
without mushy peas though so we're doing
washing fees as well DIY style we've got
Sainsbury's garden peas boil them away
for a minute I'm gonna chop up a few
leaves of mint and of course Mike is
like the condiment both and heat the
only thing he likes is mayonnaise I'm
gonna go to my dog sauce you might catch
up to my barbecue sauce just mayonnaise
boring glad he's not here pop the mint
in pop the creme fraiche in and we're
gonna mush them together with a fork
this is quite fun it's my popping bubble
wrap mix it up put it in our little pot
I've never made mushy peas before but if
I do say so myself I think they look
pretty great
so I'm going to serve everything up on
traditional British newspaper because
that is the old-fashioned way
so here they are they are looking pretty
amazed balls I'm gonna pop on a little
bit lemon okay I'm gonna pop a bit of
ketchup on don't tell Mike he's not here
what he doesn't know won't hurt him
moment of truth that is so good
almost like a real chip shop fish and
chips nothing better than eating chips
with your fingers dipped it in the mushy
peas as well even though it's not fried
I think they're pretty damn good chips I
think we absolutely nailed this the
batter is just crunchy enough but just
soggy enough in the right places if you
enjoyed our traditional British fish &
chips recipe then don't forget to check
out our brilliant British scones here
and Jack's restaurant style harissa sea
bass recipe here Mike has all of us
washing up to deal with when he gets
home I love it he's missed the fun parts
don't forget to subscribe if you want to
see new videos every Wednesday and
comment below if you want to see
anything special if you have any
requests for us and we'll try our best
to make it for you see you next time